## Installation
This project requires [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/). After cloning, run:

    pod install

## Projects
All projects can be found in `VerintSamples.xcworkspace`. Instructions for running each app can be found below. (This text is autogenerated from the `README.md` files within each project.)

## AdvancedSample
This sample project demonstrates a more advanced implementation of the Verint's Survey Management features.

Features:

* A Survey Management survey triggered by a "significant event" count and a "page views" count. The user will become eligible to receive an invitation once the configured thresholds are met. See configuration file to check the thresholds.
* A Survey Management survey triggered by a "name". Survey will be presented each time, ignoring the configured criteria thresholds (i.e. without checking the eligibility).
* An in-line custom invite. Custom invite triggered by a "significant event" count and a "page views". See configuration file to check the thresholds.
* The "significant event" count can be incremented using a button in the app.
* Localization of invites/survey. This app supports invite text overrides for Spanish, French, German, and Portuguese and can show surveys in English, French, and Spanish. Change your device's language setting to view invites/surveys in another language.

## BasicSample
This sample project demonstrates a basic implementation of the Verint XM iOS SDK to show an invite and survey within the user's session. The app downloads its config
from the Verint Configurator using the "mobsdk-basicsample" site key.

## BasicSwiftSample
This sample project demonstrates a basic implementation of the Verint XM iOS SDK to show an invite and survey within the user's session. The app downloads its config
from the Verint Configurator using the "mobsdk-basicsample" site key.

## ContactInvitationSample
This sample project demonstrates how to provide a user's contact information to the SDK for use in a CONTACT mode survey.

## CustomInvitationSample
This sample project demonstrates how to use a custom invite to launch a Survey Management survey using the custom invite handler.

## DBASample
This sample project demonstrates an implementation of the Verint's DBA features.

Features:

* Start the SDK using Verint-hosted remote configuration
* Start and stop recording using DBA API
* Mask and unmask view using DBA API
* Debug masking

## LocalNotificationSample
This sample project demonstrates a local notification invite. Accept the invite and then close the application. 
You will receive a local notification linking the survey.

---
### A note about this README
This document is autogenerated from each sub-project's individual README.md file and should not be manually edited. To regenerate it, run:

    ./generate_readme.sh > README.md
